Logbot fix (#766)
Microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: samples/javascript_nodejs/26.transcript-logger-bot/README.md

    - User properties can be used for many purposes, such as determining where the user's prior conversation left off or simply greeting a returning user by name. If you store a user's preferences, you can use that information to customize the conversation the next time you chat. For example, you might alert the user to a news article about a topic that interests her, or alert a user when an appointment becomes available. You should clear them if the bot receives a delete user data activity.

# Deploy this bot to Azure
You can use the [MSBot][5] Bot Builder CLI tool to clone and configure the services this sample depends on.

To install all Bot Builder tools -

Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 8.5 or higher

```bash
npm i -g msbot chatdown ludown qnamaker luis-apis botdispatch luisgen
```

To clone this bot, run
```

> msbot clone services -f deploymentScripts/msbotClone -n myChatBot -l <Azure-location> --subscriptionId <Azure-subscription-id>

Reviewer: Looks like ditto for this section on `msbot clone services...` section on deployment. Needs link to documentation that would explain what the values of the arguments are and where to find them

# transcriptLoggerBot
This bot demonstrates the transcript logging middleware in the nodejs SDK. The files `CustomLogger.d.ts` and `CustomLogger.js` contain a custom implementation of the logging middleware.
This implementation contains an object that saves ongoing conversations and writes them to a file after the end state of the conversation has been reached via a value "endOfInput" set on the last message in the `bot.js` file.

> This bot has been created using [Microsoft Bot Framework][10], it shows how to create a simple echo bot with state. The bot maintains a simple counter that increases with each message from the user. This bot example uses [`restify`][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This bot has been created using [Microsoft Bot Framework][10], and demonstrates how to create a bot that stores transcript logs of the conversation. 
 
In this example, the bot creates a new folder in the project directory called `logs` and the conversations' transcripts are saved as `.log` files after the user has chatted with the bot. The bot also logs the conversation to the terminal as the user chats with it.

 This bot example uses [restify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/restify).
```
